Add battlefield rules (#890)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: sections/battlefield.tex

      Choose one of the three available Combat Power Levels.
      You must reach at least that value to gain the full reward.
    \item \textbf{Determine your Combat Power:}
      Select 2 of your units and roll 1 Attack Die for each.
      If you have fewer than 2 units, select as many as you have.
      Sum all unit Attack values and all Attack Die results to determine your final Combat Power.
    \item \textbf{Get the Reward:}
      If your Combat Power is equal to or higher than your declared Combat Power Level, take both the Basic Reward and the Battle Reward.
      Otherwise, take only the Basic Reward and place a \svg{paralysis} token on one of your units that took part in this Combat.
      This unit is now stunned.
      If you choose a stunned unit for a future Combat, do not add its Attack value to your Combat Power; then remove the \svg{paralysis} token from that unit.
  \end{enumerate}
  \columnbreak

  After resolving an Adventure card, place it in \textbf{your own} pile of resolved cards.
  For example, the Adventure-Event card ``Obelisk'' grows stronger with each Obelisk card you have played previously.\par

>   \pagetarget{Adventure MM Cards}{\subsection*{M\&M Cards}}

Author: ```suggestion
  \pagetarget{Adventure MM Cards}{\subsection*{Managing Your Deck in Adventure Mode}}
```
same reason like above: I dont like the wording M&M Cards

% !TeX spellcheck = en_US
\pagetarget{Adventure and Skirmish Modes}{\addsection{Battlefield}{\spells/frenzy.png}}

\begin{expansion}{battlefield}
  \begin{multicols}{2}
  \subsection*{Overview}
  \bigskip
  The Battlefield Expansion introduces two 1~vs.~1 game modes that focus on tactical combat on the Battlefield Board.
  Neither of these 2 modes uses the \pagelink{Map}{Map}.
  They differ in how players build their Unit and Player Decks:
  \smallskip
  \begin{itemize}
    \item In \textbf{Adventure Mode}, players experience a card-driven Adventure Phase followed by a final Combat.
      The Adventure Phase replaces the Map exploration from regular games.
      During this phase, players use Adventure cards to gather Resources, expand their Town, and develop their Heroes, thereby deciding which units to recruit and which card types to include in their Deck.
    \item In \textbf{Skirmish Mode}, players receive pre-constructed Decks and armies, with minimal control over their composition.
      Players immediately engage in Combat.
  \end{itemize}

>   This expansion introduces the large \pagelink{Battlefield Combat}{Battlefield Board}, which you can \textbf{optionally} use instead of the Combat Board.

Reviewer: No, it's the first time this is mentioned. The previous paragraph focuses on the battlefield game modes.

  To place Effect Obstacles on the Battlefield Board you'll need the card which creates the effect, such as the Fire Wall Spell: use the Tokens and put the card beside the Battlefield as a reminder.
  Effect Obstacles may be entered by units, if the card text allows it.
  \begin{figure}[H]
    \centering
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-1.png}
      \caption{\imagecaption{Effect}}
    \end{subfigure}
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=0.9\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-2.png}
      \caption{\imagecaption{Obstacle}}
    \end{subfigure}
    \begin{subfigure}[b]{0.3\linewidth}
      \centering
      \includegraphics[width=0.9\linewidth]{\images/bf-obstacle-3.png}
      \caption{\imagecaption{Wall/Gate}}
    \end{subfigure}
  \end{figure}
  \vspace*{-0.5\baselineskip}
  \note{3}{
    All unit Miniatures also count as Obstacles.
  }

  \vspace*{-1em}
  \subsection*{Combat Setup}
  \setlength\intextsep{0pt}
  \setlength\columnsep{1em}
  \begin{wrapfigure}{r}{0.33\linewidth}
    \centering

>     \footnotesize

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

imagecaption already includes this

Reviewer: The two line "Initiative Token" still looks badly centered like in the other MR. How can we fix this?
